= Learning Objectives =
1. Understand the value of Time Management
2. Understand 5 principles
3. Adapt to the tools

I don't have time? NO! It is not my 'PRIORITY'

5 Pillars of Time Management
1. Dicipline :
When will you do this, when will you do that, have a habbit!
How to develop self dicipline?
 1. Finding a strong reason to the 'why'
 2. Create rituals to turn into a habbit
 3. Be accountable to someone : If you promise something, do it.
 4. Self rewards or punishment
 5. Diciplining the mind

Tips :
After rewards, burnout? There's intrinsic and extrinsic motivation
Intrinsic : coming from ourself. I learn because I want to learn. Don't need self rewards.

The task is : To create a task-list for a day. In other words, dicipline creating a schedule.
Plan :
> Why? I have limited time and everybody is counting on me
> Ritual? do it every nnight
> Accountable? I promise
> Self rewards or punishment? I don't need it..
> Diciplining the mind? Yes, remember again the reason.

2. Proritize
Find which is more crucial.

= Skills to reducing and delegating tasks =
Less is More.
How ?
> Help of your team
> Using service providers (Google Calendar)
> Automate repetitive task

Do it    | Drop
----------------------
Delegate | Scheduled

3. Focus
Focus is the ability to disengage our attention from other thing and move it to another.
2 Source of distraction :
> Sensory (External)
> Emotional (Internal)
No such thing as multitasking! 

Capacity Planning is Important 
Learn to say YES or NO
Capacity Planning using Google Calendar
Keep it simple and managable. 

Action to set up an accurate deadline :
- Use past experience to predict your speed of work
- Avoid setting deadlines using assumptions
- Stretch yourself by setting challenging deadlines
- Don't assume that everyone works at your speed

4. Agility
Strong time management require ability to adapt to changes.
Be agile!
 1. Focus on goals, not activity
 2. Negotiate
 3. Ask for help
 4. Allocate buffer time for the unpredictable

The Bad news is Time "Flies". The Good News is You are the "Pilot"

https://links.bangkit.academy/ILTQuiz_TimeManagement